CSE 474 (optional) / 574 Problem Set 2 (Due 3/10, end of the day)
Here we will be implementing automatic differentiation through training a multi-class support vector machine using the MNIST data set. 
Task 1
Review the theory of 2-class support vector classifier with L2-norm soft margin and Gaussian radial basis function kernel. Build a tensorflow input pipeline using `tf.data` to provide checkerboard pattern examples in mini-batches to `tf.GradientTape`. Define the loss function properly with tensorflow. Plot the cures of training/validation loss/accuracy vs. epochs of different tensorflow optimizers and mini-batch sizes. To make the performance comparable, assume that each epoch consists of training with 1000 examples and "normalize" the gradient by mini-batch size. There are various ways to cope with constrained optimization: one way is to set a barrier https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barrier_function, and another is to clip the parameters.
Task 2
Review one-against-one and one-against-all approaches to build a multi-class support vector classifier. A multi-class support vector classifier consists of multiple two-class support vector classifiers. Build a tensorflow input pipeline, define loss function properly, and train support vector classifiers to predict MNIST image labels. Show the confusion matrix, and plot some correctly and incorrectly classified examples.






Problem Statement 1
We will build a tensorflow input pipeline using `tf.data` to provide checkerboard pattern examples in mini-batches to `tf.GradientTape`. To make the performance comparable, we will assume that each epoch consists of training with 1000 examples and "normalize" the gradient by mini-batch size. There are various ways to cope with constrained optimization: one way is to set a barrier and another is to clip the parameters.




Problem Statement 2
We will review one-against-one and one-against-all approaches to build a multi-class support vector classifier. A multi-class support vector classifier consists of multiple two-class support vector classifiers. Build a tensorflow input pipeline, define loss function properly, and train support vector classifiers to predict MNIST image labels. 
Problem Statement 3
We will train a multi-class logistic regression model.